LOCATION -1
0
That way is blocked.
That way is blocked.
END

LOCATION 1
0
Welcome to Vobarts Library. Shttt ! Don't distub the students : go east for food court or south to leave this building.
You are currently in the middle of the second floor room at Vobarts, TofU's biggest library. Everyone is watching you,
completely lost as you just appeared here. Don't be scared, take a deep breath and tell yourself that these people are
all NPCs. Whenever you feel enough courage to embrace this adventure, you can either enter the food court by the East,
or just go South to leave this library full of dangerous people. In both cases, remember that you meticulously have to
choose where to go in that game. Indeed, as far as I know, you are not Hulk or any other 9 feet giant with infinite
stamina. Unfortunately, you will be limitated to 30 moves. Enough said, get ready for a crazy ride around Taranta !
END

LOCATION 2
20
Already hungry ? Good because you are in the food court ! Go South to join Saint Andrew and Nuron streets intersection.
I knew you were going to come here, what else can you do when you smell these delicious burritos ! Grab some, take a
sit and enjoy this quick break. Don't stay here for too long tho, you can end up spending the entire day eating this
amazing food right there. Whenever you finish your burrito, throw the paper in the trashcan and go South to join the
Saint Andrew and Nuron streets intersection.
END

LOCATION 6
0
You are in front of Vobarts Library. Head toward the East to join Saint Andrew and Nuron streets intersection.
You are right in front of the amazing Vobarts Library. Did you notice that the architect tried to imitate the shape of a
Chicken when designing it ? The food trucs right next to you are unfortunately closed, you will have to walk a bit on
towards the East to join Saint Andrew and Nuron streets intersection. Be careful with the red lights, many cars often
go way over the speed limit.
END

LOCATION 7
10
Nuron and Saint Andrews street intersect here! Follow the south to go to Melbourne Smith or East for Quadrity College.
**Vrrrrroooooooommmm**, wow that was close ! You almost got hit by a car but you will eventually get used to this
adrenaline if you always come here. The sky is getting dark because of the clouds... Do not stay here or you will
probably get lost in the giant TofU campus. You can either go South towards Melbourne Smith, a Science and Arts faculty
building, or go East to join the super old Quadrity College on Nuron Street. If I were you, I would probably have chose
East as the lights are brighter than sun light but who am I after all ? Why would you listen to my advices ?
END

LOCATION 8
0
You are currently in front of Quadrity College. Go South to go to CollegeUniversity or East to join King's Park.
Quadrity College, some say that you can find ghosts and witches in that building! Thankfully, Quadrity is closed this
week for the exams. I would have never adventured myself inside that scary building depite it being beautiful. After
taking all your time to admire that edifice, you will either go South in what's front campus or keep going East towards
King's Park.
END

LOCATION 9
10
Welcome to King's Park! You can either go North to see VictoriaSecret College or South for Einstein library.
Kings'park, I wish you were here in September, that time when the sky was still blue... However, you will still enjoy a
super cozy walk in that incredible landscape surrounded by some small hairy and creepy friends : squirrels. Do not try
to feed them ! Even though they look cute, some of them are dangerous and can bite! Once you will have completed a full
tour of that park, you can either go North to see VictoriaSecret College or South for Einstein library. Remember where
is this park because trust me, you will want to come back.
END

LOCATION 4
10
This is VictoriaSecret College ! If you want to enter the building, you will find a small door on the East direction.
Stunned is probably the word that would best describe your feelings in front of that dazzling building ! At first, I
thought it looked like a cartoon or a sort of bakery. Do not spend too much time staring at this building, you have to
sit an exam soon and you can't be late. It is getting dark, if I were you, I would not waste my time entering here.
What else do you expect to find apart from some old books ? But again, why would you even trust me...
END

LOCATION 5
40
You are inside VictoriaSecret College, you can leave by the first exit on the West.
You are inside VictoriaSecret College, the perfect place to chill out after your exam tonight. Take a look at that
chandelier right above your head, isn't it amazing ? I don't know when and how did they hang it up there but the only
thing I can be sure about is that at that pace, you will probably miss your exam. You have to move quicker ! You will
find the exit door right behind you, in the West side.
END

LOCATION 12
10
Here is Melbourne Smith building. Go South to get to the TofUBookStore or go East to visit CollegeUniversity.
You just arrived to Melbourne Smith building. This is where you had some of your math classes and were taking notes
thanks to your pencil (eye wink). For the exam you will sit tonight, I hope this will give you memories about all the
concepts you learnt here. Do you remember all the cookies you got from ThirdCup in Melbourne Smith's hall ? Do not get
lost in the corridors, a lot of people find themselves desoriented by that maze. If you really want to, have a look
around and then head towards South if you want to go to the TofU's Bookstore or go East to join CollegeUniversity.
END

LOCATION 17
10
Welcome to TofU's Bookstore ! You better go back North as the only other option is to go up by the West door.
Welcome to TofU's Bookstore ! Here, you can find more books and TofU's Merch as well as all the textbooks you obviously
scrutinized to prepare for the exam of tonight. Don't forget to buy TofU's hoodies for your friends, they will love it !
*strange noise*... Did you hear this ? This was coming from the West door. Some rumors say that a monster is living in
the BookStore ! If I were you I would not adventure myself, we never know what can happen ! You can leave by the same
door you entered, in the North. But again, why would you even listen to my advices ? Some monsters can be nice...
END

LOCATION 16
20
You are on TofU's Rooftop. Hop in the helicopter that can take you to the South or go back downstairs by the East door.
You made it on top of the Bookstore ! The noises were in fact a helicopter landing on the building. Oh look ! The pilot
seems to be calling you ! He is saying that he has a nice gift for you. Remember what your parents told you... Never say
yes to strangers... Is it finally time to make an exception to this rule ? Who would not want a free helicopter ride
above Taranta ? If you feel ready to embrace that adventure, go South to enter the helicopter. If you are scared to be
late for tonight's exam, feel free to go back by the East door. Take the right decision because exactly like the
helicopter, time is flying...
END

LOCATION 21
500
You are on top of the PN Tower ! Drake is sitting right there and has a special surprise for you !
You just landed on the tallest building of North America : the PN Tower ! Strangers sometimes have nice surprises for
you! *Someone is shouting your name*... Look who is sitting right there ! It's Taranta most famous singer, Drake !
Take a selfie with him and tell him about your exam tonight, he might be able to help you...
END

LOCATION 13
20
You re in CollegeUniversity : the middle of TofU campus ! Einstein Library is on the East, Quadrity College on North.
What an amazing view ! You re walking on the big garden of CollegeUniversity, in the very middle of TofU's Campus !
Unfortunately, you can't go South because of the fences but you can still see the beautiful PN tower in the background.
Oh look ! The snow did not completely melt. Why don't you build a snowman ? Well the answer is because you have an exam
tonight ! Make sure you don't waste too much time enjoying here or you will be late for your test. Here ! you can see
Einstein Library on the East, that library where you spent so much time studying ! But look on the North, it's one of
the most iconic building at TofU : Quadrity College. You can still go West to join Melbourne Smith building. If you ever
 decide to go West, be careful if you head towards South after : I heard people talking about a monster around there...
Where are you deciding to go ? I would personnaly not recommend to go West but again, you are the one to decide.
END

LOCATION 14
40
You are in Einstein Library ! Go north to join King's Park, South for Health building and West for Legislative Assembly.
Be quiet ! You re inside Einstein Library. I heard this sit right there was where the famous formule e = mc**2 was found
, can you believe this ? I personally don't. However, I know you were always sitting in that exact place to study for
tonight's exam. I hope that all these hours of trying so hard are going to be awarded. The lights are already turned off
 in Einstein Library ! It might be time to speed things up a little bit more. Go West if you want to see the Legislative
 Assembly building, South for Health building and North for a quick walk through King's Park.
END

LOCATION 15
0
Welcome to the Leglisative Assembly building ! To go back in TofU's campus, you can only go by the path on the West.
Welcome to the Leglisative Assembly building ! This is probably one of the best looking buildings in all Taranta but
unfortunately, you have to be wearing suits to be able to enter in. You don't need anything here since this building is
made for those who already graduated. Because you are still an undergraduate, you don't want to fail your degree so you
better be at time for that exam ! Take a quick selfie with that marvelous building then go back to TofU by the West.
END

LOCATION 19
20
Need some medicine ? Welcome to the Health building ! Go South to join the exam center or North to go back to Einstein.
*bipboup* Oops s'cuze me doctor ! You re right inside the Health building at TofU. This is where all the life science
projects are getting achieved. Did you know that the insuline was discovered at TofU ? Isn't that crazy ? You can use
the elevators right there to have a quick look around the 6 levels of that building, you will really enjou the tour !
But you have to go quicker ! The exam will start soon. To go to the exam center, go South even though you might not have
 your exam there. To go back to Einstein Library, just leave by the North exit.
END

LOCATION 24
30
Oh no ! You are in the exam center !! Go West to enter an exam room or leave by the North exit.
I know this building is not your favorite one at TofU but here you are in the exam center... Do you remember the CSC110
exam you failed here because you did not know how to analyze the run time of a function ? I m sure you are currenyly
having some amazing memories ! The exam center seems to be quite empty today. Is everyone sitting an exam or are they
already done ? You can figure this out by either entering one of the exam room in the West or you can just leave by the
North.
END

LOCATION 23
10
Ready to sit the exam? Everyone is waiting for you... Are you sure you brought everything you need for the test.
Ready to sit the exam? Everyone is waiting for you... Are you sure you brought everything you need for the test. Double
 check all your stuff in your bagpack. You must have forgot something around campus. Go grab that quickly, the T.A told
 you that you still have a bit of time before you start writing your exam. Come on, leave by the door in the East and
 speed up !
END

LOCATION 25
0
You just entered an empty room where there only is one chair. You can leave by the West door.
You are currently in the most useless room in TofU. There is nothing else than a poor rusty chair. Who even got the idea
 to put this chair here ? Some questions will remain forever unanswered... You can leave whenever you want by the door
in the West.
END

END OF FILE
